Basic Problems:

1.Maximum Depth of Binary Tree:
Find the maximum depth (height) of a binary tree.

2.Binary Tree Traversal:
Implement in-order, pre-order, and post-order traversal of a binary tree.

3.Symmetric Tree:
Check if a binary tree is symmetric (its left and right subtrees are mirror images).

4.Level Order Traversal:
Print the binary tree level by level, from top to bottom.

5.Invert Binary Tree:
Swap the left and right subtrees of a binary tree.

Intermediate Problems:

1.Path Sum:
Determine if there exists a path from the root to a leaf that sums up to a given value.

2.Lowest Common Ancestor:
Find the lowest common ancestor of two nodes in a binary tree.

3.Construct Binary Tree from Inorder and Postorder Traversal:
Given inorder and postorder traversal sequences, reconstruct the binary tree.

4.Sum of Left Leaves:
Calculate the sum of all left leaves in a binary tree.

5.Diameter of Binary Tree:
Find the diameter (longest path) between any two nodes in a binary tree.

Advanced Problems:

1.Serialize and Deserialize Binary Tree:
Implement functions to serialize and deserialize a binary tree.

2.Vertical Order Traversal:
Print the binary tree nodes in vertical order, from left to right.

3.Binary Tree Zigzag Level Order Traversal:
Print the binary tree nodes in a zigzag pattern level by level.

4.Convert Binary Search Tree to Sorted Doubly Linked List:
Convert a binary search tree to a sorted doubly linked list.

5.Count Complete Tree Nodes:
Count the number of nodes in a complete binary tree.

6.Recover Binary Search Tree:
Recover a swapped pair of elements in a binary search tree.

7.Kth Smallest Element in a BST:
Find the kth smallest element in a binary search tree.

8.House Robber III:
Given a binary tree representing house values, find the maximum amount that can be robbed without adjacent houses being robbed.

9.Closest Binary Search Tree Value:
Find the closest value to a given target value in a binary search tree.

10.Unique Binary Search Trees II:
Generate all unique binary search trees that can be formed with values 1 to n.


engageAbhi123
engageAbhi123@123